To summarise what I have done, I have performed initial data exploration analysis on the data
set and the major findings included: 1. few categorical columns had missing values, which resulted
in discarding this column, since they are regional features and might not be significant in
predicting our target variable. 2. Some variables were positively and negatively highly correlated
to the target variable. The variable TargetDays was negatively correlated to a high degree and was
thus not used in the model for fitting and prediction. 3. Categotrical Variables with two unique
categories were encoded using label encoding and those with more than two were encoded using
one hot encoding.
After performing EDA, I went further to split the data into a train and test set. The split was
done using a 70:30 ratio. Next was to implement the logistic regression model to train and predict
the target variable.
The logistic regression classifier model gave a 59% classification accuracy on the test set and
showed also in the confusion matrix a poor prediction on the potential of buyers for the software
products. Hence there was a need for an improved model.
The random forest model was used to fit the training data and predict the target variable. The
random forest classifier gave a 83% classification accuracy on the test set and an AUC mean score
of 79%. The confusion matrix and ROC curve showed better results.

Recommendation for improvement

1. The random forest model can be improved upon by tunning the hyper parameters
2. if we had included the strongly negative correlated variable, this would have increased the
prediction accuracy of both models.
3. A further improvement is the use of feature selection in the models. The relationship between
the variables in our data can be captured by the use of some statistical properties,
which in turn provides us with more features/ new columns that can be added to the data
and used in the various model. This can lead to an improved result on the models.
